<div style = "index-hero">

# Glossary

**.csv**
CSV stands for "Comma Separated Values" and is a plain text file format for storing tabular data, where each line represents a row and commas separate the values within each row. In current usage, separators are not restricted to commas, and semicolons(;), pipes(|), and tabs(    ) are widely used as separators. 

**Admin**
The tenant admin, or just admin, is a user type which has additional permissions to edit scopes, add and remove users, change permissions and access tags, and tweak the algorithms. Typically an organisation will only have 1-3 admin users at a time. 

**API**
A set of functions and procedures allowing the creation of applications that access the features or data of an operating system, application, or other service.

**Automated Summary**
The Automated Summary is an attempt to provide some context about what information exists about a company. It utilises a Large Language Model (LLM) which is provided context from results generated by searching for the company name and location. 

**Dashboard**
An overview of all the scopes on your organisation's tenant.

**DMC**
Dirty Money Constellations (DMCs) are systems of financial structures, often using secrecy jurisdictions and shell companies, designed to hide the origin of illegally obtained funds (dirty money) while maintaining a connection to the rightful owner. These centres facilitate complex transactions to obscure the source of money and are used by criminals and corrupt officials to launder wealth through methods like fake invoices or anonymous trusts. 

**ERP-system**
An ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system is a software that integrates and manages core business processes like finance, HR, manufacturing, and supply chain into a single platform. In the context of myB4, it will typically be the source of the transactional data which is uploaded to myB4.ai.

**Fraud Detective**
A Fraud Detective is a user role, which grants certain permissions, including creating, editing, deleting and uploading to their own scopes, as well as access to view and comment on any scopes they have security access to. 

**Insights**
myB4 Insights is a snapshot of the most interesting examples from the Radar. Unlike the Radar, it uses a different set of selection criteria to pick out just a handful of examples which are a good place to begin your investigation. 

**Interpreter**
myB4 Interpret is a tool to help you understand what various flags may mean when viewed in combination. When you run it, it looks for specific combinations of warning signs with each counter-party, and leaves an Impression (a short explanation of what *might* be happening), and Suggested Actions (guidance on how you might further look into what might be going on.

**Loose Money**
By the term 'loose money', we mean money in or money out of the organisation which is not part of the *regular* checks and balances. This could be cash-transactions, as well as bank transactions that are not recorded as "normal" invoices or credit notes.

**Materiality**
Materiality is an accounting concept that deems an amount, error, or discrepancy as
significant if its omission or misstatement could influence the economic decisions of users of financial statements. In simpler terms, if a mistake is large enough to make stakeholders make a different decision than they would have otherwise, then it is considered material.

**myB4.ai**
myB4.ai is a secure cloud-platform, which allows organisations to analyse transactional data to spot fraud and financial damage early.

**Radar**
The Radar is an analysis tool with a ranked overview of the 'riskiness' of all counterparties in a scope. The ranking is based on various flags, which can also be seen in the radar.

**Risk Index**
The Risk Index is a compound score, based on all the transactional flags, along with interaction terms, and materiality weights. The Risk Index runs from 0-100, and higher scores indicate a higher likelihood of fraud or financial damage associated with a counterparty.

**Scope**
A scope is one individual analysis, typically covering one or more business units for a specific time period (usually 12-18 months). Scopes are a way to segment your analysis between different units, and time frames.

**Scope Leader**
The user that created a given scope. The scope leader will have more change privileges than other users for their Scopes.

**Scope Period**
The time range covered by the data for a given scope, e.g. the date of the first transaction to the date of the last transaction in that upload. 

**Scope Rating**
A weighted average of all Risk Indices in a given scope, with more weight assigned to the highest ranked counterparties.

**Signed Data**
In accounting terms, signed data means that positive amounts represent invoices, and negative amounts are used to designate credit notes. Note that in some cases, it might also be positive = money in, negative = money out. 

**Tenant**
The tenant is your organisation's workspace. Each tenant are kept separate from one another so there is no data leak, and users are given access to tenants on an organisational basis.

**Unsigned Data**
In accounting terms, unsigned data refers to data where all transactions (whether invoice or credit note) are in positive amounts. Normally, this data will have some other field to identify the document type.

**Viewer**
The Viewer is a tier in the tenant role hierarchy. It is the lowest tier, and they have completely uninvasive permissions. They are only permitted to open and observe radars, but are not able to create, edit or delete radars or scopes themselves. 
